ci: Track RAM usage in scenarios tests on host (#45338)
servo/servo: etc/ci/scenario/README.md

## Mitmproxy
Mitmproxy currently requires `CI=1` env to run
## Target binary
Current default binary is defined in the `common_function_for_servo_test.py` as
```python
DEFAULT_SERVO_BIN_PATH = "./target/release/servoshell"
```
But could be overriden by passing `--servo-bin` arg to the scenario

# Using memory_usage_plotter
There are three intended uses for the `memory_usage_plotter.py`
1. It is included in the scenarios and can log the memory (to the `.csv`) when running the scenario or even plot in place without leaving `.csv`.
1. Can be used to convert already existing `.csv` into a rendered plot image.
1. To track the memory of already running servo process without explicit scenario `operator()`.

## Notable options or arguments
The script has a `MemoryLoggingOptions` that could be imported and used to set all the options.
```Python
memory_logging_options = MemoryLoggingOptions(
    log_to_file=True, plot=True, pre_time=2, post_time=5, verbose=True, reset_tab=True
)
```
or when the script is run in a standalone mode you can do `-h` to see whats there
```bash
UV_PROJECT=etc/ci/scenario uv run --active etc/ci/scenario/memory_usage_plotter.py -h
```

# Running blink-perf-test

> There is actually another runner of blink-perf-test present in the codebase, but I guess the current one is more general and might be better because it hadles more issues. Thus, this `blink-perf-test` is primarely made for running on OHOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is actually another runner of blink-perf-test present in the codebase, the current one is more general and handles more issues. Thus, this `blink-perf-test` is primarely made for running on OHOS.
```
